if you visited reddit common sections at
any points in the past decade or so
chances are good that you've heard
whispers of a place called the war
lizard gaming forums at all stems from a
user named war lizard with a very
prolific comment history with highly
upvoted comments often floating around
the default subs people will often ask
him hey are you the war lizard the guy
from the war lizard gaming forums but he
had no idea what the war lizard gaming
forums were but few people really
question this occasional interaction I
mean it's not unheard of
I've definitely run into friends from
old forums on reddit before it's a big
Internet out there and there's a lot of
gaming forums even now where it seems
like the Internet is consolidated into
people just refreshing the same three or
four websites over and over again but
these war lizard gaming forums they what
they seem
and that's why for this episode of tales
from here today I want to ask the
question who is war lizard and what were
the war lizard gaming forums this video
is brought to you by Fillmore a nine
Fillmore a nine is an easy to use
editing software made by wondershare and
this month they're running a contest
anyone can create a wondershare calm
accounts and join the contest and during
the Halloween campaign Fillmore releases
the latest Halloween effects pack
including the horror pack the cute
monsters pack and the voices of
Halloween back check it out of the film
stocks page and spin the lucky wheel
lottery for a chance to win a prize the
best prize is a GoPro Hero the second
prize is access to the film stored film
or lessons and third prize is 20% off
film oral or film stocks each user has
two tries a day on their wonderful
account while you're there you can check
out their new Halloween film effects the
contest runs until November 15th so have
fun in your luck
[Music]
if you watch my video on uni Daniel
recall that I mentioned a number of
other famous redditors one of them being
war lizard and unlike uniden war lizard
remains active on reddit to this very
day you can look at his history and see
plenty of comments from just this week
alone and you can see plenty of replies
to these comments still reading hey
aren't you that guy from the war lizard
gaming forum to which he'll still often
respond with ley epic reddit face but
you think that with so many people
talking about these war lizard gaming
forums that they'd be more popular than
they are yet have you ever been there
have you ever visited the war lizard
gaming forum I mean if you've ever been
to the war lizard gaming forum I guess
let me know but to know the story of war
lizard we had to go all the way back to
April of 2010 although at this point war
lizard had already been on reddit for
about a year this was his breakthrough
moment a thread by karma not entitled
what is the stupidest thing you've ever
had an argument about here was his
response my ex-fiance worked at a vet
and her job included jacking off the
dogs for the purpose of artificial
insemination I didn't realize that it
was a labor of love until she mentioned
her first orgasm came from a dog what
yeah it turned out she really liked dogs
I never looked at our dog the same way
again
oddly enough she kept them when we broke
up we were sitting on the couch one
night watching TV when she blurted out
that her first orgasm came from a dog I
don't know what to say on one hand what
the [__] but on the other hand this was
a woman I'd asked to marry so I asked
for clarification she said she was 13 or
14 and was sitting naked in her room
when the doll came up to her sniffing
around
he started licking it felt good so she
let him keep doing it and then she came
Wow yeah it gets worse I broke up with
her and she was kind of clean so I
introduced her to an buddy I thought
might get along with her
they got married and had two kids last
year she decided she liked women better
so left her husband for this fat chick
no big deal you say well after about
eight months she decided that she wasn't
really gay and is now dating a guy her
twin sister decided that she is gay left
her husband and is now dating the girl
that my ex left her husband for it's
pretty sorted yeah I visited her
ex-husband this past week and he was
surprisingly resigned to the whole thing
it actually gets worse but it's kind of
a long story the suspense is killing me
I'm making dinner while I'm trying to
figure out how much background
information to give crazy parents that
drained her bank account with her
permission the abortion the sister that
killed the guy the [__] brother the
pain born the boyfriend that tied her up
and let his friends [__]
etc it's just so crazy that it doesn't
seem real putting it all down in one
place is just well I guess I haven't
thought of it in a long time so war
lizard when he cooked his dinner Nina I
assumed he enjoyed it and then he came
back and decided to post the full story
it's a long one so I'm gonna skip to the
TLDR and put the full dramatic reading
on my second channel TLDR I was engaged
to a submissive torture porn fan whose
first orgasm came from a dog required
anal stimulation to come who had
bankrupt parents a ghetto sister who
shot a guy and killed him our tarted
brother and a twin sister who later
dated her girlfriend after she decided
she was gay
left her husband then got better the
response to this epic tale was massive
and war lizard quickly developed a
reputation of being one of reddit's
greatest storytellers that was very
entertaining [__] up but a great read
thanks for writing it all down if you
ever decide to write out the full
version including the gay bars the
earthquake etc I have to read it yeah I
always thought my checkered past make
for a fun book but there's no way I want
my kids to ever read it even in this
story I realize I look like a total dick
people would demand more leading to a
reddit AMA and eventually the creation
of our slash war lizard for the
discussion of all things war lizard and
he would eventually get around to
writing that book released
March of 2011 the war lizard chronicles
adventures with vodka woman and war
which I'll add to my Amazon store if
you're interested but despite gaining
the reputation of being one of reddit's
greatest storytellers and despite his
book being a success with as I
understand it over 500,000 copies sold
this legacy would be eclipsed at least
by some measures by what would come next
it all begins with the seemingly
innocuous exchange that April hey are
you from the war lizard gaming forum
nope
never heard of it this was the first
time that war lizard was ever asked
about the gaming forum but if you looked
it up then absolutely nothing would turn
up maybe this guy remembered the name
wrong or confused it with something
similar who knows you would think that
would just be the pretty minor
forgettable interaction right but then
another person would ask hey are you
from the war lizard gaming forum and
then another and then another and over
the course of the next few months it
would seem that war lizard couldn't
comment anywhere without being asked
about these gaming forums eventually he
would just start replying to these cons
to promote his book but nobody really
got to the bottom of what this was
coming from until an AMA with Mark Kern
the lead developer of World of Warcraft
war lizard didn't have a question for
mark you just wanted to leave a comment
dude thanks vanilla WoW was spectacular
mind-blowing thanks we had a very
passionate team a lot of credit has to
go to Allen Adham one of the original
founders of Blizzard and probably the
industry's best designer that nobody has
ever heard of wow really was his baby
it's well deserved
I remember just shaking my head in
wonder at how much fun it was and then
he gets this reply more lizard forums
for the win dude war lizard's response
this time was actually pretty
interesting because he replied with an
image that showed where the name war
lizard came from his unit from his
military days perhaps it was this reveal
that finally brought the architect of
this war lizard forum debacle out of
hiding loop on 96 ok let me break it
down for you every single person who has
ever mentioned the forum's was me it
started as a joke
a novelty account leader I started doing
it from other accounts trying to see how
far I could take this until you noticed
but you didn't I have learned some
things about you and honestly I couldn't
have randomly picked a more interesting
person
consider this your reddit birthday gift
from your stalker that's [__]
brilliant well done and I'm really not
that interesting I just put myself in
interesting situations now
the tinfoil hat guy in me starts to
think hey this guy puts out a book in
March and then in April all the sudden
he kind of becomes the focus of this
meme that gradually takes over reddit's
don't you think maybe he's doing this to
promote his book or something right
well let's take a look at that first
comment one more time it's written by a
user with the name makes you Google
things
this being the novelty account that was
mentioned by Lupin whose purpose was to
make you Google things and up until that
point it was pretty unsuccessful I'd
squat over a mirror all day cochise I
spent like five minutes looking for some
definition of the word Cochise that
would fit the context of the sentence
I'm [__] I just assumed it was a
reference I didn't get until I saw your
comment makes you Google things there is
actually a popular anime with Cochise as
a title look for it it's pretty awesome
oh you made him google it negative one
points derp makes you google things if
you google that the second result
actually links to one of your comments
oh you lied to him and you made him
Google and you told him to google it so
you went and googled at one point
Charlie Sheen playing a Steve Urkel in
the most anticipated film of the year
makes you Google things you posted this
three times search for reddit sweet help
on Google please don't let this happen
again negative 17 points clearly reddit
was not enjoying this new novelty
account there was I guess just a little
bit to a ham-fisted it wasn't until the
war lizard calmed that he had found the
right level of subtlety and plausibility
he basically had one successful attempt
at making this gimmick work so when it
finally did work he ran with it and rest
assured war lizard did Google at
whar lizard this is exactly the case and
it worked I did Google like mad trying
to figure out what the [__] these people
were talking about it's the best prank
ever played on me but here's the thing
at that point lupin claimed that he was
the only one asking about the Worr
lizard gaming forums at all the results
and I think he had underestimated his
influence I mean obviously now everybody
asks her about the forums but even back
then loop on plants those seeds but
those seeds sprouted very quickly and it
was a lot of different people asking
about the gaming forums and to this day
war lizard is completely unable to avoid
questions about the gaming forums I'm
sure by me making this video it's gonna
make it even be Morse and all that being
said now throughout the years there have
been a few attempts of making actual war
lizard gaming forms but none of stuck
and one has spent most of its time as a
memorial to some guy named Dave so you
know r.i.p Dave whoever you are but
anyway that's it for the war lizards
story if you enjoyed this video you'll
probably enjoy the rest of my reddit
videos I'm out of here
[Music]